docs: clean up the troubleshooting for mac users section (#64)
0xPolygon/kurtosis-cdk: README.org

2. The *Services* dashboard captures the metrics being emitted by the individual
   services in the CDK, and metrics pertaining to process health.

To ensure that a service is properly emitting metrics, you can view all the
Prometheus targets and their state by navigating to the Prometheus endpoint with
the ~/targets~ path.

*** Troubleshooting for Mac Users

> Ensure to install [[https://docs.docker.com/engine/][Docker Engine] version 4.27 or higher. It is necessary for running the zkEVM Prover on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you install [[https://docs.docker.com/engine/][Docker Engine] version 4.27 or higher. It is necessary for running the zkEVM Prover on macOS.
```
